Fenryu
I leave this land,
You are the house of my heart
You are the star of my appearance
The bridge of the rainbow, the bridge of culture
Cross the mountain and cross the sea
The west and east connected by wings
I was happy with your attitude
The cloud of the red sky
Even if the flowers and the earth are fat
I will save you with my life
You are the treasure of my life
The young eyes of the moon
That change the world
The moon in the window is lonely tonight
The storm is bluffing by the tears
Pay withσε on to those who can't complete the task
L Meritorious life
The sun shines on the mountain
You are the protective star of the young world